friends here.
We're going to discuss some more operations on your strings.
But the result off this operations is a Boolean data.
That means the result you will get like either true or false.
Right?
Let me take the operations off your strings,
which will do the result as a 1,000,000,000 data.
So before that,
guys let me weapon my piped on shell.
I mean,
first the command line.
Then type python on.
You will enter into a fight on terminal right there.
Defined any string.
Let's say my stringy cause too.
Hello?
Anything.
Then simply print a DEA,
your off my string.
You have here different operations,
right?
Only we know how to get this operations.
And already we have seen some of the operations like upper title swap case.
Right.
And then lower capitalized something.
Case for we have seen.
No,
I want to go with some other operations,
sort of that the result should be either true or false or whatever the operations were
going to discuss.
No,
that operations reserves is like a true or false are simply a 1,000,000,000 data.
Let's take very simple operation.
Forced the ends of it.
Right?
Guys,
let me weapon my ended up so I'm going toe right A python script name for their right.
So let me take by them Skip Name us 1,000,000,000 reserved string operations.
So these are prisons are very,
very helpful in your real time.
Let's say I am taking my string equals to support simply fightin Look,
it know what I'm doing is I'm checking my string dot Start with look happy is your starting
with B.
In that case,
you list this operation said output false.
The reason is you're starting with a capital P,
but you're checking with small P now.
Is it starting with a capital B?
Yes,
True.
Right.
So you will take this type off operations in your conditional statements so you'll come to
know that how to use this before then We just try toe under the or put the same.
But I can check not only with single letter gates.
I can also check with world also no problem.
My string dot starts with Let's say,
fight on,
no problem.
Just ticket.
Yes,
it's true,
right?
The same bay You can also check like bring my string door ends with.
He's joining with him.
You can take it a single letter or let's say I'm taking Hatuey and Mobile.
I mean group off characters.
Also,
you can check it.
The only thing is,
if the given string is ending with actually and then you will get output as a proof.
Not so.
This is starting on ending.
Right?
Then let me weapon.
You were comments.
I'm in your panel and see that Let me take something called Let's Say is lower.
You're like ways you know,
so many operations like me.
Take is lower print.
My string dot is lower.
I mean,
is it is it in lower case letters?
No,
because foster risk capital remaining will are small.
That's where you get over as a false.
So don't put then Ghozi's lower is up for this type of our presence are important in your
real time.
He's upper.
These also falls because your letter your strings,
your string characters are not all characters off your sting or not in upper case only
first,
little that's what you're getting is a poor as false.
Let me take my string dot He's title.
Yes,
you'll get a true you know what?
Battle is nothing,
but if you also some multiple worsening given string.
The first little off your each and every word should be a capital.
That farmer is there.
No,
that's we're getting through.
Suppose if I are something like fight on tutorials No,
you'll get false because in the second word t small Let me take it as a capital on ticket
now.
Yes,
no to true.
All right.
So tightly is done like waste.
Let me take some either space.
So is there any space in a given string?
Is there any space in a given string so far that you can use this operation?
He's a space.
Yes,
we have a space.
No,
that's what you're going to get over.
But as a sunny,
he's a space you're having along with your space.
You're having letters as well,
right?
Let me take one more example here only space.
The thing is,
my new string is only space,
right?
No check on your new stream.
He's a space heater.
Displace Yes,
a group.
But if he abs only were given string my stream.
It is the combination off spaces and someone for bit not right is giving result on this
false right.
That's fine.
No let me go with one more thing is all for right is all for nothing but easy was strained
consist off only Alphabet's my new string Let me take my sting,
not mine Oosting,
let me take our stink.
So what is the Wall Street first?
Let me friend it this one,
right?
Is it all for Yes Bruno.
What?
You're getting false.
You have space space Space is not the alpha bed,
right?
Let me through that space.
No.
See that Put?
You're getting proof night.
So space is not alphabet.
That's why he's all for giving false.
If you remove the transit will,
you were true.
That's fine.
Now let me go with the one more thing called use numeric for your numbers,
right is printable Night you can print.
He started Liza part.
Let me take one more thing called is Yeah.
I will take this one.
Use numeric.
See that I'm checking.
Bring my string dot is numeric What is outward you're getting or about us?
My new sting.
Sorry.
That is coming or No.
Let me take my stream.
See,
that is my new string is no different because we come into that.
That's why fighting is enabled.
Identified that variable Anyway,
it's fine.
No seed or put all your getting false is numerous.
See hours Thing is not numeric no,
or string consist off alphabets.
Let's really find your strain equals two.
Something rich consist off only numbers.
Yes,
String which consists off numbers.
No city output.
You're getting proved because they're string consist off.
Only numbers use numeric.
Right?
So guys,
this type off all prisons are very,
very important.
Right?
So you have some more prisons like you can check by going to document.
This is all for numeric keys.
All four is asking.
Is decimal right?
Is dessert is identified?
Is lower is numeric is printable space.
Nothing.
Is there simply help string?
You will learn all the operations,
Its meaning,
right?
You just go down by entering.
Capitalize.
There is a meaning.
Right?
Gays.
Ford.
Right.
So likewise you all our presence here just to go with the only is is something like that
which gives the result as William date are true or false.
So this guy's this table four presents are very,
very important in your realtor.
You just try to practice with your remaining operations,
which are there like this.
Right?
Diesel for years.
You know,
he's asking.
Is this about something like that?
Like in next year,
you will see some more operations on your strengths.
Okay.
Okay,
guys,
thank you for watching this with you.